README.md, before:

# Capstone

Welcome to my Capstone project! Feel free to read the summary report first, titled: "Timeseries Analysis of Bitcoin in the Context of Cryptocurrencies"
That should help you gain an understanding of what this project is all about.

If you want to follow the process of this project from start to finish, please read the notebooks in this order. Notebook 2 and 3 are very similar,
and both dont need to be read. That being said, Notebook 2 contains more information regarding the Feature Engineering Process as it deals with resampling from lower time frames

Notebook Order: 

1:  Acquiring and Cleaning Historical Price Data for Cryptocurrencies.ipynb 
      Contains code for Aquiring and cleaning any Cryptocurrency from Bitfinex's public API. No API keys are needed.

2:  Bitcoin Historical Price Data Feature Engineering for 5-Minute Intervals.ipynb
      Contains code for Feature Engineering any dataset that is less than 1-Day time intervals.

3:  Bitcoin Historical Price Data Feature Engineering for 1-Day Intervals.ipynb
      Contains code for Feature Engineering a dataset that is in 1-Day intervals.

4:  Bitcoin Exploratory Data Analysis.ipynb
      Contains code performing EDA

5:  Bitcoin Modelling Part 1 SARIMAX.ipynb
      Contains code for modelling with SARIMAX

6:  Bitcoin Modelling Part 2 - Facebook Prophet.ipynb
      Contains code for modelling with Facebook's Prophet

The data for this project can be downloaded from this DropBox using the link:
https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/74qne1f61apfznm8ktcw4/h?dl=0&rlkey=937rjr2f982orhiae3mw2s8jb

Commit message:

added info about myenvfile.txt

README.md, after:

# Capstone

Welcome to my Capstone project! Feel free to read the summary report first, titled: "Timeseries Analysis of Bitcoin in the Context of Cryptocurrencies"
That should help you gain an understanding of what this project is all about.

If you want to follow the process of this project from start to finish, please read the notebooks in this order. Notebook 2 and 3 are very similar,
and both dont need to be read. That being said, Notebook 2 contains more information regarding the Feature Engineering Process as it deals with resampling from lower time frames

In order to run this notebook, you will have to set up a new environment using the myenvfile.txt provided in the main repo.

Notebook Order: 

1:  Acquiring and Cleaning Historical Price Data for Cryptocurrencies.ipynb 
      Contains code for Aquiring and cleaning any Cryptocurrency from Bitfinex's public API. No API keys are needed.

2:  Bitcoin Historical Price Data Feature Engineering for 5-Minute Intervals.ipynb
      Contains code for Feature Engineering any dataset that is less than 1-Day time intervals.

3:  Bitcoin Historical Price Data Feature Engineering for 1-Day Intervals.ipynb
      Contains code for Feature Engineering a dataset that is in 1-Day intervals.

4:  Bitcoin Exploratory Data Analysis.ipynb
      Contains code performing EDA

5:  Bitcoin Modelling Part 1 SARIMAX.ipynb
      Contains code for modelling with SARIMAX

6:  Bitcoin Modelling Part 2 - Facebook Prophet.ipynb
      Contains code for modelling with Facebook's Prophet

The data for this project can be downloaded from this DropBox using the link:
https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/74qne1f61apfznm8ktcw4/h?dl=0&rlkey=937rjr2f982orhiae3mw2s8jb
